There are statements of truth which are so obvious that just for this reason the common world does not see, or at least does not recognize, them. At times the world passes these well-known truisms blindly and it is most astonished if now suddenly somebody discovers what everybody ought to know. The ' Columbus eggs ' are lying about by the hundreds of thousands, only the Columbuses are rarely seen. Thus, without exception, people wander about in Nature's garden; they think they know almost everything, and yet, with few exceptions, they walk blindly by one of the most outstanding principles of Nature's working: the inner seclusion of the species of all living beings on earth. Even the most superficial observation shows, as an almost brazen basic principle of all the countless forms of expression of Nature's will to live, her limited form of propagation and increase, limited in itself. Every animal mates only with a representative of the same species. The titmouse seeks the titmouse, the finch the finch, the stork the stork, the field mouse the field mouse, the common mouse the common mouse, the wolf the wolf, etc. Only exceptional circumstances can change this; first of all the compulsion of captivity, as well as any other impossibility of mating within the same species. But then Nature begins to resist this with the help of all visible means, and her most visible protest consists either of denying the bastards further procreative faculty, or she limits the fertility of the coming offspring; but in most cases she takes away the capacity of resistance against disease or inimical attacks. This is then only too natural. Any crossing between two beings of not quite the same high standard produces a medium between the standards of the parents. That means: the young one will probably be on a higher level than the racially lower parent, but not as high as the higher one. Consequently, it will succumb later on in the fight against the higher level. But such a mating contradicts Nature's will to breed life as a whole towards a higher level. The presumption for this does not lie in blending the superior with the inferior, but rather in a complete victory of the former. The stronger has to rule and he is not to amalgamate with the weaker one, that he may not sacrifice his own greatness. Only the born weakling can consider this as cruel, but at that he is only a weak and limited human being; for, if this law were not dominating, all conceivable development towards a higher level, on the part of all organically living beings, would be unthinkable for man. The consequence of this purity of the race, generally valid in Nature, is not only the sharp limitation of the races outwardly, but also their uniform character in themselves. The fox is always a fox, the goose a goose, the tiger a tiger, etc., and the difference can lie, at the most, in the different measure of strength, force, cleverness, skill, perseverance, etc., of the various specimens. But there will never be found a fox which, according to its inner nature, would perhaps have humane tendencies as regards the geese, nor will there be a cat with a friendly disposition towards mice. Therefore also, here the fight amongst one another originates less from reasons of inner aversion than from hunger and love. In both cases, Nature looks calm and even satisfied. The fight for daily bread makes all those succumb who are weak, sickly, and less determined, while the males' fight for the female gives the right of propagation, or the possibility of it, only to the most healthy. But the fight is always a means for the promotion of the species' health and force of resistance, and thus a cause for its development towards a higher level. If it were different, every further development towards higher levels would stop, and rather the contrary would happen. For, since according to numbers, the inferior element always outweighs the superior element, under the same preservation of life and under the same propagating possibilities, the inferior element would increase so much more rapidly that finally the best element would be forced to step into the background, if no correction of this condition were carried out. But just this is done by Nature, by subjecting the weaker part to such difficult living conditions that even by this the number is restricted, and finally by preventing the remainder, without choice, from increasing, but by making here a new and ruthless choice, according to strength and health. Just as little as Nature desires a mating between weaker individuals and stronger ones, far less she desires the mixing of a higher race with a lower one, as in this case her entire work of higher breeding, which has perhaps taken hundreds of thousands of years, would tumble at one blow. Historical experience offers countless proofs of this. It shows with terrible clarity that with any mixing of the blood of the Aryan with lower races the result was the end of the culture-bearer. North America, the population of which consists for the greatest part of Germanic elements which mix only very little with the lower, colored races displays a humanity and a culture different from those of Central and South America, where chiefly the Romanic immigrants have sometimes mixed with the aborigines on a large scale. By this example alone one may clearly and distinctly recognize the influence of the race mixture. The Germanic of the North American continent, who has remained pure and less intermixed, has become the master of that continent, he will remain so until he, too, falls victim to the shame of blood-mixing. The result of any crossing, in brief, is always the following:  (a) Lowering of the standard of the higher race,  (b) Physical and mental regression, and, with it, the beginning of a slowly but steadily progressive lingering illness. To bring about such a development means nothing less than sinning against the will of the Eternal Creator. This action, then, is also rewarded as a sin. Man, by trying to resist this iron logic of Nature, becomes entangled in a fight against the principles to which alone he, too, owes his existence as a human being. Thus his attack is bound to lead to his own doom. Of course, now comes the typically Jewish, impudent, but just as stupid, objection by the modern pacifist: 'Man conquers Nature!' Millions mechanically and thoughtlessly repeat this Jewish nonsense, and in the end they imagine that they themselves represent a kind of conqueror of Nature; whereas they have no other weapon at their disposal but an 'idea,' and such a wretched one at that, so that according to it no world would be conceivable. But quite apart from the fact that so far man has never conquered Nature in any affair, but that at the most he gets hold of and tries to lift a flap of her enormous, gigantic veil of eternal riddles and secrets, that in reality he does not 'invent' anything but only discovers everything, that he does not dominate Nature, but that, based on the knowledge of a few laws and secrets of Nature, he has risen to the position of master of those other living beings lacking this knowledge; but quite apart from this, an idea cannot conquer the presumptions for the origin and the existence of mankind, as the idea itself depends only on man. Without men there is no human 'idea' in this world; thus the idea is always caused by the presence of men, and, with it, of all those laws which created the presumptions for this existence. And not only that! Certain ideas are even tied to certain men. This can be said most of all of just such thoughts the content of which has its origin, not in an exact scientific truth, but rather in the world of feeling, or, as one usually expresses oneself so nicely and 'clearly' today, which reflects an 'inner experience.' All these ideas, which have nothing to do with clear logic in itself, but which represent mere expressions of feelings, ethical conceptions, etc., are tied to the existence of those men to whose spiritual force of imagination and creation they owe their own existence. But precisely in this case the preservation of these certain races and men is the presumption for the existence of these 'ideas/ For example, he who actually desires, with all his heart, the victory of the pacifistic idea in this world would have to stand up, with all available means, for the conquest of the world by the Germans; for if it should come about the other way round, then, with the last German, the last pacifist would die off, as the other part of the world has hardly ever been taken in so deeply by this nonsense, adverse to nature and to reason, as unfortunately our own people. Therefore, whether one wanted to or not, if one had the serious will, one would have to decide to wage war in order to arrive at pacifism. This and nothing else was what the American world-redeemer Wilson wanted to have done, at least our German visionaries believed in this. With this, then, the purpose was fulfilled. Indeed, the pacifist-humane idea is perhaps quite good whenever the man of the highest standard has previously conquered and subjected the world to a degree that makes him the only master of this globe. Thus the idea is more and more deprived of the possibility of a harmful effect in the measure in which its practical application becomes rare and finally impossible. Therefore, first fight, and then one may see what can be done. In the other case, mankind has passed the climax of its development, and the end is not the rule of some ethical 'idea/ but barbarism, and, in consequence, chaos. Naturally, here the one or the other may laugh, but this planet has driven on its course through the ether for millions of years without men, and the day may come when it will do so again, if people forget that they owe their higher existence, not to the ideas of some crazy ideologists, but to the knowledge and the ruthless application of Nature's brazen laws. Everything that today we admire on this earth science and art, technique and inventions is only the creative product of a few peoples and perhaps originally of one race. On them now depends also the existence of this entire culture. If they perish, then the beauty of this earth sinks into the grave with them. No matter how much the soil, for instance, is able to influence the people, the result will always be a different one, according to the races under consideration. The scanty fertility of a living space may instigate one race towards the highest achievements, while with another race this may only become the cause for the most dire poverty and ultimate malnutrition with all its consequences. The inner disposition of the peoples is always decisive for the way in which outward influences work themselves out. What leads one people to starvation, trains the other for hard work. All great cultures of the past perished only because the originally creative race died off through blood-poisoning. The ultimate cause of such a decline was always the forgetting that all culture depends on men and not the reverse; that means, that in order to save a certain culture the man who created it has to be saved. But the preservation is bound to the brazen law of necessity and of the right of the victory of the best and the strongest in this world. He who wants to live should fight, therefore, and he who does not want to battle in this world of eternal struggle does not deserve to be alive. Even if this were hard, this is the way things are. But it is certain that by far the hardest fate is the fate which meets that man who believes he can 'conquer' Nature, and yet, in truth, only seems to mock her. Misery, distress, and diseases are then her answer! The man who misjudges and disdains the laws of race actually forfeits the happiness that seems destined to be his. He prevents the victorious march of the best race and with it also the presumption for all human progress, and in consequence he will remain in the domain of the animal's helpless misery, burdened with the sensibility of man. It is a futile enterprise to argue which race or races were the original bearers of human culture and, with it, the actual founders of what we sum up with the word 'mankind.' It is simpler to put this question to oneself with regard to the present, and here the answer follows easily and distinctly. What we see before us of human culture today, the results of art, science, and techniques, is almost exclusively the creative product of the Aryan. But just this fact admits of the not unfounded conclusion that he alone was the founder of higher humanity as a whole, thus the prototype of what we understand by the word 'man.' He is the Prometheus of mankind, out of whose bright forehead springs the divine spark of genius at all times, forever rekindling that fire which in the form of knowledge lightened up the night of silent secrets and thus made man climb the path towards the position of master of the other beings on this earth. Exclude him and deep darkness will again fall upon the earth, perhaps even, after a few thousand years, human culture would perish and the world would turn into a desert. If one were to divide mankind into three groups: culturefounders, culture-bearers, and culture-destroyers, then, as representative of the first kind, only the Aryan would come in question. It is from him that the foundation and the walls of all human creations originate, and only the external form and color depend on the characteristics of the various peoples involved. He furnishes the gigantic building-stones and also the plans for all human progress, and only the execution corresponds to the character of the people and races in the various instances. In a few decades, for instance, the entire east of Asia will call a culture its own, the ultimate bases of which will be Hellenic spirit and Germanic technique, just as is the case with us. Only the external form will (at least partly) bear the features of Asiatic character. It is not the case, as some people claim, that Japan adds European techniques to her culture, but European science and techniques are trimmed with Japanese characteristics. But the basis of actual life is no longer the special Japanese culture, although it determines the color of life (because outwardly, in consequence of its inner difference, it is more visible to European eyes), but it is the enormous scientific and technical work of Europe and America, that is, of Aryan peoples. Based on these achievements alone the East is also able to follow general human progress. This creates the basis for the fight for daily bread, it furnishes weapons and tools for it, and only the external makeup is gradually adapted to Japanese life. But if, starting today, all further Aryan influence upon Japan should stop, and supposing that Europe and America were to perish, then a further development of Japan's present rise in science and technology could take place for a little while longer; but in the time of a few years the source would dry out, Japanese life would gain, but its culture would stiffen and fall back into the sleep out of which it was startled seven decades ago by the Aryan wave of culture. Therefore, exactly as the present Japanese development owes its life to Aryan origin, thus also in the dim past foreign influence and foreign spirit were the awakener of the Japanese culture. The best proof of this is the fact that the latter stiffened and became completely paralyzed later on. This can only happen to a people when the originally creative race nucleus was lost, or when the external influence, which gave the impetus and the material for the first development in the cultural field, was lacking later on. But if it is ascertained that a people receives, takes in, and works over the essential basic elements of its culture from other races, and if then, when a further external influence is lacking, it stiffens again and again, then one can perhaps call such a race a 'culture-bearing' one but never a 'culture-creating' one. An examination of the various peoples from this viewpoint evidences the fact that in nearly all cases one has to deal, not with originally culture-creating, but rather always with culture-supporting peoples. It is always about the following picture of their development that presents itself:  Aryan tribes (often in a really ridiculously small number of their own people) subjugate foreign peoples, and now, stimulated by the special living conditions of the new territory (fertility, climatic conditions, etc.) and favored by the mass of the helping means in the form of people of inferior kind now at their disposal, they develop the mental and organizatory abilities, slumbering in them. Often, in the course of a few millenniums or even centuries, they create cultures which originally completely bear the inner features of their character, adapted to the already mentioned special qualities of the soil as well as of the subjected people. Finally, however, the conquerors deviate from the purity of their blood which they maintained originally, they begin to mix with the subjected inhabitants and thus they end their own existence; for the fall of man in Paradise has always been followed by expulsion from it. Often, after a thousand and more years, the last visible trace of the one-time overlords is shown in the fairer complexion which their blood has left, in the form of the color, to the subjected race, and in a petrified culture which they had founded as the original creators. For, just as the actual and spiritual conqueror lost himself in the blood of the subjected, thus also the fuel for the torch of human culture progress was lost! As through the blood the color of the former masters keeps a faint glimmer as a memory of them, thus also the night of the cultural life is faintly brightened by the creations that remained of the erstwhile bearers of light. These now shone through all the barbarism that has returned, and in the thoughtless observer of the moment they awaken only too frequently the opinion that he sees the picture of the present people, whereas it is only the mirror of the past at which he is looking. Then it may happen that such a people for a second time, nay, even more often in the life of its history, comes into touch with the race of its one-time suppliers of culture, without a memory of former meetings necessarily being present. The remainder of the blood of the one-time masters will unconsciously turn to the new apparition, and what first was only possible by compulsion will now succeed with the help of their own will. Then a new culture wave makes its entrance and lasts until its bearers have once more been submerged in the blood of foreign peoples. It will be the task of a future culture and world history to make researches in this sense and not to suffocate by reflecting external facts, as this is unfortunately only too often the case with our present science of history. Merely from this sketch of the development of ' culturebearing' nations results also the picture of the origin, the work, and the decline of the true culture-creators of this globe, the Aryans themselves. Just as in daily life the so-called genius requires a special cause, often even a real impetus in order to be made conspicuous, the same is also the case with the ingenious race in the life of the peoples. In the monotony of everyday life even important people often seem unimportant and they hardly stand out over the average of their surroundings; but as soon as they are faced by a situation in which others would despair or go wrong, out of the plain average child the ingenious nature grows visibly, not infrequently to the astonishment of all those who hitherto had an opportunity to observe him, who had meanwhile grown up in the smallness of bourgeois life, and therefore, in consequence of this process, the prophet has rarely any honor in his own country. Never is there a better opportunity to observe this than during war. In the hours of distress, when others despair, out of apparently harmless children, there shoot suddenly heroes of death-defying determination and icy coolness of reflection. If this hour of trial had never come, then hardly anyone would ever have been able to guess that a young hero is hidden in the beardless boy. Nearly always such an impetus is needed in order to call genius into action. Fate's hammer stroke, which then throws the one to the ground, suddenly strikes steel in another, and while now the shell of everyday life is broken, the erstwhile nucleus lies open to the eyes of the astonished world. The latter now resists and does not want to believe that the apparently 'identical' kind is now suddenly supposed to be a 'different' being; a process which repeats itself with every eminent human being. Although an inventor, for instance, establishes his fame only on the day of his invention, one must not think that perhaps his genius in itself had entered the man only just at this hour, but the spark of genius will be present in the forehead of the truly creatively gifted man from the hour of his birth, although for many years in a slumbering condition and therefore invisible to the rest of the world. But some day, through an external cause or impetus of some kind, the spark becomes fire, something that only then begins to stir the attention of other people. The most stupid of them believe now in all sincerity that the person in question has just become 'clever,' whereas in reality they themselves now begin at last to recognize his greatness; for true genius is always inborn and never acquired by education or, still less, by learning. This, however, may be said, as already stressed, not only for the individual man, but also for the race. Creatively active peoples are creatively gifted from the very bottom and forever, although this may not be recognizable to the eyes of the superficial observer. Here, too, external recognition is always only possible as a consequence of accomplished facts, as the rest of the world is not able to recognize genius in itself, but sees only its visible expressions in the form of inventions, discoveries, buildings, pictures, etc. ; but even here it often takes a long time till it is able to struggle through to this knowledge. Exactly as in the life of the individual important man his genius or extraordinary ability strives towards its practical realization only when urged on by special occasions, thus also in the life of the peoples the real use of creative forces and abilities that are present can take place only when certain presumptions invite to this. We see this most clearly in that race that cannot help having been, and being, the supporter of the development of human culture the Aryans. As soon as Fate leads them towards special conditions, their latent abilities begin to develop in a more and more rapid course and to mold themselves into tangible forms. The cultures which they found in such cases are nearly always decisively determined by the available soil, the climate, and by the subjected people. The latter, however, is the most decisive of all factors. The more primitive the technical presumptions for a cultural activity are, the more necessary is the presence of human auxiliary forces which then, collected and applied with the object of organization, have to replace the force of the machine. Without this possibility of utilizing inferior men, the Aryan would never have been able to take the first steps towards his later culture; exactly as, without the help of various suitable animals which he knew how to tame, he would never have arrived at a technology which now allows him to do without these very animals. The words 'Der Mohr hoi seine Schuldigkeit getan, er kann gehen' [The Moor has done his duty, he may go] has unfortunately too deep a meaning. For thousands of years the horse had to serve man and to help in laying the foundations of a development which now, through the motor-car, makes the horse itself superfluous. In a few years it will have ceased its activity, but without its former co-operation man would hardly have arrived at where he stands today. Therefore, for the formation of higher cultures, the existence of inferior men was one of the most essential presumptions, because they alone were able to replace the lack of technical means without which a higher development is unthinkable. The first culture of mankind certainly depended less on the tamed animal, but rather on the use of inferior people. Only after the enslavement of subjected races, the same fate began to meet the animals, and not vice versa, as many would like to believe. For first the conquered walked behind [in later editions read : before] the plow and after him, the horse. Only pacifist fools can again look upon this as a sign of human baseness, without making clear to themselves that this development had to take place in order to arrive finally at that place from where today these apostles are able to sputter forth their drivel into the world. The progress of mankind resembles the ascent on an endless ladder; one cannot arrive at the top without first having taken the lower steps. Thus the Aryan had to go the way which reality showed him and not that of which the imagination of a modern pacifist dreams. The way of reality, however, is hard and difficult, but it finally ends where the other wishes to bring mankind by dreaming, but unfortunately removes it from, rather than brings it nearer to, it. Therefore, it is no accident that the first cultures originated in those places where the Aryan, by meeting lower peoples, subdued them and made them subject to his will. They, then, were the first technical instrument in the service of a growing culture. With this the way that the Aryan had to go was clearly lined out. As a conqueror he .subjected the lower peoples and then he regulated their practical ability according to his command and his will and for his aims. But while he thus led them towards a useful, though hard activity, he not only spared the lives of the subjected, but perhaps he even gave them a fate which was better than that of their former so-called ' freedom/ As long as he kept up ruthlessly the master's standpoint, he not only really remained 'master' but also the preserver and propagator of the culture. For the latter was based exclusively on his abilities, and, with it, on his preservation in purity. But as soon as the subjected peoples themselves began to rise (probably) and approached the conqueror linguistically, the sharp separating wall between master and slave fell. The Aryan gave up the purity of his blood and therefore he also lost his place in the Paradise which he had created for himself. He became submerged in the race-mixture, he gradually lost his cultural ability more and more, till at last not only mentally but also physically he began to resemble more the subjected and aborigines than his ancestors. For some time he may still live on the existing cultural goods, but then petrifaction sets in, and finally oblivion. In this way cultures and realms collapse in order to make room for new formations. The blood-mixing, however, with the lowering of the racial level caused by it, is the sole cause of the dying-off of old cultures; for the people do not perish by lost wars, but by the loss of that force of resistance which is contained only in the pure blood. All that is not race in this world is trash. All world historical events, however, are only the expression of the races' instinct of self-preservation in its good or in its evil meaning. The question about the inner causes of the overwhelming importance of Aryanism can be answered to the effect that they are to be sought less in a greater potentiality of the instinct of self-preservation in itself, than in the special way in which the latter expresses itself. The will to live, looked at subjectively, is the same everywhere and it is different only in the form of its actual effect. With the most original living beings the instinct of self-preservation does not go beyond the care for their own 'ego.' Here the i egoism,' as we call this urge, goes so far that it even comprises time, so that the moment itself claims everything and begrudges everything to the coming hours. The animal lives in this state only for itself, seeks food only whenever it feels hungry, and fights only for its own life. But as long as the instinct of self-preservation expresses itself in this way, every basis for the formation of a community, be it even the most primitive form of the family, is lacking. Even the community between male and female, beyond the mere mating, requires a broadening of the instinct of self-preservation, as now the care for their own 'ego' extends also to the other part; sometimes the male seeks food for the female, but not infrequently both of them for the young ones. Nearly always the one steps in for the protection of the other, so that here the first though infinitely simple forms of a readiness to sacrifice present themselves. As soon as this instinct extends beyond the limits of the narrow frame of the family, the prerequisite for the formation of greater unions and finally formal States is given. With the lowest people of the earth we find this quality only to a very small extent, so that often nothing but a family is formed. The greater the individual's readiness to subordinate his own purely personal interests is, the more increases also the ability for the establishment of extensive communities. This will to sacrifice in staking his personal labor and, if necessary, his own life for others, is most powerfully developed in the Aryan. He is greatest, not in his mental capacities per se, but in the extent to which he is ready to put all his abilities at the service of the community. With him the instinct of self-preservation has reached the most noble form, because he willingly subjects his own ego to the life of the community and, if the hour should require it, he also sacrifices it. Not in the intellectual abilities lies the Aryan's culturecreating and building ability. If he had only these, he would always be able to work only destructively, but in no case 'organizingly'; for the innermost nature of all organization is based on just the fact that the individual renounces representing his personal opinion and his interests and sacrifices both in favor of a majority of people. Only by way of the general community is his share returned to him. Now, for instance, he no longer works directly for himself, but with his activity he joins in the frame of the community, not only for his own advantage, but for that of all. The most wonderful explanation of this disposition is offered by his word 'work/ by which he does not mean an activity for gaining his living, but only a creative toil that does not contradict the interests of the community. In the other case he calls the human activity, in so far as it does not serve the instinct of self-preservation without consideration for the welfare of the contemporary world, by the words theft, usury, robbery, burglary, etc. This disposition now, which causes the individual's ego to step back in the face of the preservation of the community, is really the first prerequisite for any truly human culture. Only out of this all the great works of mankind are able to originate, works which bring little reward to the founder but the richest blessing to posterity. Out of this alone one can understand how so many are able to sustain a poor life in honesty, which imposes only poverty and modesty on themselves, but which guarantees the fundamentals of the community's existence. Every laborer, every peasant, every inventor, official, etc., who works without ever being able to attain happiness and well-being, is a carrier of this high idea, even if the deeper meaning of his actions remained hidden to himself forever. But what applies to work as the basis of human nutrition and all human progress applies to a far greater extent to the protection of man and his culture. In giving up one's own life for the existence of the community lies the crowning of all will to sacrifice. Only this prevents everything that human hands have built from being overthrown again by human hands, or destroyed by Nature for herself. But just our German language has a word which in a glorious manner describes acting in this sense: fulfillment of duty (Pflichterfiillung) ; that means, not to suffice for oneself, but to serve the community; this is duty. Now the basic disposition out of which such an activity grows we call idealism, to distinguish it from egoism. By this we understand only the individual's ability to sacrifice himself for the community, for his fellow citizens, But how necessary is it to recognize again and again that idealism is not perhaps superfluous or even dispensable expression of feeling, but that in truth it was, is, and will be the prerequisite for what we call human culture; indeed, that idealism alone has created the notion 'man.' To this inner attitude the Aryan owes his position in the world, and to it the world owes man; for this attitude alone has shaped the mere intellect into the creative force which now, in its unique blending of the crude fist with ingenious intellect, has created the monuments of human culture. Without its ideal attitude all, even the most brilliant, abilities of the intellect would only be intellect in itself, but never creative force, outward appearance without inner value. But as true idealism is nothing but subjecting the individual's interest and life to the community, and as this again represents the presumptions for any kind of creative organizing forms, therefore in its very heart it corresponds to the ultimate will of Nature. Idealism alone leads men to voluntary acknowledgment of the privilege of force and strength and thus makes them become a dust particle of that order which forms and shapes the entire universe. Purest idealism is unconsciously deepest knowledge. How much this applies and how little genuine idealism has to do with playful imagination one can recognize immediately if the unspoilt child, the healthy boy, is permitted to judge. The same boy who is nauseated by the drivel of an 'ideal' pacifist is ready to throw away his young life for the ideal of his nationality. Here the instinct of realization unconsciously obeys the deeper necessity of the preservation of the species, if necessary at the expense of the individual, and it protests against the visions of the pacifist babbler who in reality as a crudely made-up yet cowardly egoist trespasses against the laws of development; for the latter is conditioned by the individual's willingness to sacrifice himself in favor of the community and not by sickly imagination on the part of cowardly know-alls and critics of Nature,  Just in such times, when the ideal attitude threatens to disappear, we can at once recognize a reduction of that force which forms the community and thus gives culture its presumption. As soon as egoism becomes the ruler of a nation, the ties of order loosen, and in the hunt for their own happiness people fall all the more out of heaven into hell. Even posterity forgets those men who only serve their own advantage, and it praises as heroes those who renounce their own happiness. The Jew forms the strongest contrast to the Aryan. Hardly in any people of the world is the instinct of selfpreservation more strongly developed than in the so-called 'chosen people/ The fact of the existence of this race alone may be looked upon as the best proof of this. Where is the people that in the past two thousand years has been exposed to so small changes of the inner disposition, of character, etc., as the Jewish people? Which people finally has experienced greater changes than this one and yet has always come forth the same from the most colossal catastrophes of mankind? What an infinitely persistent will for life, for preserving the race do these facts disclose! Also the intellectual abilities were schooled in the course of centuries. Today the Jew is looked upon as 'clever,' and in a certain sense he has been so at all times. But his reason is not the result of his own development, but that of object lessons from without. For also the human mind is not able to climb the heights without steps; for every step forward he needs the foundation of the past, and, moreover, in that comprehensive meaning which can be revealed only through general culture. All thinking will rest only to a very small extent on one's own realization, but to the greater extent on the experiences of the time past. The general level of culture supplies the individual, mostly without his noticing this, with such a profusion of preliminary knowledge that now, armed in this manner, he can set out towards further steps of his own. The young boy of today, for instance, grows up among a truly vast number of technical achievements of the past few centuries that now, as being matters of course, he no longer pays attention to many things which were still a riddle to great minds a hundred years ago, though for the follow-up and the understanding of our progress in this field it is of decisive importance for him. If today even a genius of the twenties of the past century were suddenly to leave his grave, he would find it much harder to make his way about in the present time than this is the case of an average boy of fifteen of today. For he would lack all the infinite prerequisites which the individual takes in, so to speak, unconsciously, during his adolescence in the midst of the general culture of the corresponding time. As now the Jew (for reasons which will immediately become evident from the following) was never in the possession of a culture of his own, the bases for his spiritual activity have always been furnished by others. At all times his intellect has developed through the culture that surrounds him. Never did the reverse process take place, For, even if the Jewish people's instinct of self-preservation is not smaller, but rather greater, than that of other nations, and even if his spiritual abilities very easily create the impression as though they were equal to the intellectual disposition of the other races, yet the most essential presumption for a cultured people is completely lacking, the idealistic disposition. In the Jewish people, the will to sacrifice oneself does not go beyond the bare instinct of self-preservation of the individual. The seemingly great feeling of belonging together is rooted in a very primitive herd instinct, as it shows itself in a similar way in many other living beings in this world. Thereby the fact is remarkable that in all these cases a common herd instinct leads to mutual support only as long as a common danger makes this seem useful or unavoidable. The same pack of wolves that jointly falls upon its booty dissolves when its hunger abates. The same is true of horses, which try to ward off the attacker in common, and which fly in different directions when the danger is gone. With the Jew the case is similar. His will to sacrifice is only ostensible. It endures only as long as the existence of the individual absolutely requires this. However, as soon as the common enemy is beaten and the danger threatening all is averted, the booty recovered, the apparent harmony among the Jews themselves ceases to make way again for the inclinations originally present. The Jew remains united only if forced by a common danger or is attracted by a common booty; if both reasons are no longer evident, then the qualities of the crassest egoism come into their own, and, in a moment, the united people becomes a horde of rats, fighting bloodily among themselves. If the Jews were alone in this world, they would suffocate as much in dirt and filth, as they would carry on a detestable struggle to cheat and to ruin each other, although the complete lack of the will to sacrifice, expressed in their cowardice, would also in this instance make the fight a comedy. Thus it is fundamentally wrong to conclude, merely from the fact of their standing together in a fight, or, more rightly expressed, in their exploiting their fellow human beings, that the Jews have a certain idealistic will to sacrifice themselves. Here, too, the Jew is led by nothing but pure egoism on the part of the individual. Therefore also the Jewish 'State* (which is supposed to be the living organism for the preservation and the propagation of the race) is territorially completely unlimited. For a certain limitation of a State formation by space always presupposes an idealistic attitude by the State race, especially above all a correct conception of the notion 'work' In the same measure in which this attitude is lacking or absent, every attempt at a formation or even at the preservation of a territorially limited State fails. But with this also the basis on which a culture alone can originate is eliminated. For this reason, however, the Jewish people, with all its apparent intellectual qualities, is nevertheless without any true culture, especially without a culture of its own. For the sham culture which the Jew possesses today is the property of other peoples, and is mostly spoiled in his hands. When judging Jewry in its attitude towards the question of human culture, one has to keep before one's eye as an essential characteristic that there never has been and consequently that today also there is no Jewish art; that above all the two queens of all arts, architecture and music, owe nothing original to Jewry. What he achieves in the field of art is either bowdlerization or intellectual theft. With this, the Jew lacks those qualities which distinguish creatively and, with it, culturally blessed races. But how far the Jew takes over foreign culture, only imitating, or rather destroying, it, may be seen from the fact that he is found most frequently in that art which also appears directed least of all towards invention of its own, the art of acting. But here, too, he is really only the 'juggler' or rather the ape; for here, too, he lacks the ultimate touch of real greatness; here, too, he is not the ingenious creator, but the outward imitator, whereby all the turns and tricks he applies cannot deceive us concerning the inner lack of life of his creative ability. Here the Jewish press alone comes lovingly to his aid, because about every, even the most mediocre, bungler, ^provided that he is a Jew, it raises such a clamor of hosannas that the rest of the world finally actually believes that it sees a real artist before its eyes, whereas in reality it has only to deal with a wretched comedian. No, the Jew possesses no culture-creating energy whatsoever, as the idealism, without which there can never exist a genuine development of man towards a higher level, does not and never did exist in him. His intellect, therefore, will never have a constructive effect, but only a destructive one, and in very rare cases it is perhaps stimulating, at the utmost, but then in the form of the original prototype of that 'Kraft, die stets das Bose will und dock das Gute schafft ' [that force which always wants evil and nevertheless creates good]. Any progress of mankind takes place not through him but in spite of him. As the Jew never possessed a State with definite territorial boundary, and as therefore he never called a culture his own, the conception arose that one had to deal with a people that had to be counted among the ranks of the nomads. This is an error that is as great as it is dangerous. The nomad certainly possesses a definitely limited living space, only he does not cultivate it like a sedentary peasant, but he lives on the yield of his herds with which he wanders about in his territory. The simplest reason for this is to be seen in the poor fertility of a soil which therefore does not permit of settlement. But the deepest cause lies in the disparity between the technical culture of a time or a people and the natural poverty of a living space. There are domains in which even the Aryan is unable to become master of the soil in closed settlements and to make a living from it, except by the technology he developed in the course of more than a thousand years. If he did not have this technology, then he would either have to avoid these territories or he would also have to struggle along as a nomad in perpetual wandering (provided that his thousand-year-old education and custom of settlement did not make this appear simply impossible to him). One has to consider, however, that at the time the American continent was opened, numerous Aryans fought for their living as trappers, hunters, etc., and this frequently in large groups with women and children, always wandering about, so that their existence resembled completely that of the nomads. Only when their increasing number and better instruments permitted them to clear the wild soil for tillage and to resist the aborigines, more and more settlements sprang up over the country. The Aryan also was probably first a nomad, and in the course of time he settled down, but he never was, for this reason, a Jew! No, the Jew, is not a nomad; for the latter already has a definite attitude towards the conception 'work' which served as the basis for his later development, inasmuch as the necessary spiritual presumptions for that purpose are present. With him also the basically idealistic attitude exists, though in an infinite dilution, and therefore through his entire character he appears perhaps alien to Aryan peoples, but not uncongenial. With the Jew, however, this attitude is non-existent; therefore he never was a nomad, but always only a parasite in the body of other peoples. That thereby he sometimes leaves his previous living quarters is not connected with his intention, but is the simple logic of his being thrown out from time to time by the host nation he abuses. But his spreading is the typical symptom of all parasites; he always looks for a new feeding soil for his race. But this has nothing to do with nomadism for the reason that the Jew does not think of leaving a territory he occupies, but he remains where he is sitting, and that means so 'sedentary' that he may be expelled only with force and with great difficulty. His spreading to ever new countries takes place only in the moment when certain conditions for his existence are apparent there; without that he would (like the nomad) change his previous residence. He is and remains the typical parasite, a sponger who, like a harmful bacillus, spreads out more and more if only a favorable medium invites 'him to do so. But the effect of his existence resembles also that of parasites; where he appears the host people die out sooner or later. Thus the Jew lived at all times in the States of other peoples and there he formed his own State, which, though disguised by the name of 'religious community/ generally sailed as long as external circumstances did not see fit to make a complete revelation of its nature. But once he believed himself strong enough to be able to dispense with the protecting cover, then he always dropped the veil and suddenly he was what so many others were unwilling to see and to believe in before: the Jew. In the Jew's life as a parasite in the body of other nations and States, his characteristic is established which once caused Schopenhauer to pronounce the sentence, already mentioned, that the Jew is the 'great master of lying. Life urges the Jew towards the lie, that is, to a perpetual lie, just as it forces the inhabitants of northern countries to wear warm clothes.-*  His life within other peoples can only exist in the long run if he succeeds in creating the impression as though he were not a people but only a 'religious community,' though a special one. But with this the first great lie starts. In order to lead his existence as a peoples parasite he is forced to deny his inner nature. Now the more intelligent the individual Jew is, the more will he succeed in this delusion. It can even go so far that great parts of the host nation finally believe in all sincerity that the Jew is really a Frenchman or an Englishman, a German or an Italian, though also of a special 'denomination.' f State authorities, which always seem to be animated only by the historical 'fraction' of wisdom, fall most easily victim of this infamous deception. In these circles independent thinking is looked upon as a genuine sin against the holy advancement, so that one must not be surprised that for example even today a Bavarian State minister has not the faintest idea that the Jew is a people and not a 'denomination' though only one look into the Jew's own newspaper world ought immediately to demonstrate this to even the most modest mind. Of course, the Jewish Echo is not yet an official organ and therefore it is 'unauthoritative' for the brains of such a government potentate. The Jews were always a people with definite racial qualities and never a religion, only their progress made them probably look very early for a means which could divert disagreeable attention from their person. But what would have been more useful and at the same time more harmless than the 'purloining' of the appearance of being a religious community? For here, too, everything is purloined, or rather, stolen. But resulting from his own original nature the Jew cannot possess a religious institution for the very reason that he lacks all idealism in any form and that he also does not recognize any belief in the hereafter. But in the Aryan conception one cannot conceive of a religion which lacks the conviction of the continuation of life after death in some form. Indeed, the Talmud is then not a book for the preparation for the life to come, but rather for a practical and bearable life in this world. The Jewish religious doctrine is primarily a direction for preserving the purity of the blood of Judaism as well as for the regulation of the Jews' intercourse with one another, but even more in connection with the rest of the world, that means, with non-Jews. But here, too, the problems involved are not at all ethical, but rather extremely modest economic ones. About the moral value of the Jewish religious instructions there exist today and there have existed at all times rather exhaustive studies (on the non-Jewish side; the drivel of the Jews themselves about this is, of course, cut to the purpose) which make this kind of 'religion' appear even odious from Aryan viewpoints. But the best stamp is given by the product of this 'religious' education, the Jew himself. His life is really only of this world, and his spirit is as alien to true Christianity, for instance, as his nature was two thousand years ago to the Sublime Founder of the new doctrine. Of course, the latter made no secret of His disposition towards the Jewish people, and when necessary He even took to the whip in order to drive out of the Lord's temple this adversary of all humanity, who even then as always saw in religion only a means for his business existence. But for this, of course, Christ was crucified, while our present party Christianity disgraces itself by begging for Jewish votes in the elections and later tries to conduct political wirepulling with atheistic Jewish parties, and this against their own nation. Upon this first and greatest lie, that the Jew is not a race but simply a religion, further lies are then built up in necessary consequence. To them also belongs the language spoken at the time by the Jew. For him it is never a means of expressing his thoughts, but for hiding them. When he speaks French, he thinks Jewish, and when he turns out German poetry, he only gives an outlet to the nature of his people. As long as the Jew has not become the master of the other peoples, he must, whether he likes it or not, speak their languages, and only if they would be his slaves then they might all speak a universal language so that their domination will be made easier (Esperanto!). How far the entire existence of this people is based on a continuous lie is shown in an incomparable manner and certainty in the 'Protocols of the Wise Men of Zion' so infinitely hated by the Jews. They are supposed to be a 'forgery' the Frankfurter Zeitung moans and cries out to the world once a week; the best proof that they are genuine after all. What many Jews may do unconsciously is here exposed consciously. But this is what matters. It makes no difference from the head of which Jew these disclosures come, but decisive it is that they demonstrate, with a truly horrifying certainty, the nature and the activity of the Jewish people and expose them in their inner connection as well as in their ultimate final aims. But the best criticism applied to them is reality. He who examines the historical development of the past hundred years, from the points of view of this book, will also immediately understand the clamor of the Jewish press. For once this book has become the common property of a people, the Jewish danger is bound to be considered as broken. In order to become acquainted with the Jew, it is best to study the way he took inside the body of the other peoples in the course of the centuries. It suffices to follow this up on the basis of only one example in order to arrive at the necessary conclusions. As his development was always and at all times the same, as also the peoples he eats into are always the same, it is recommended for such a study to break his development up into certain sections which in this case, to simplify matters, I denote with letters. The first Jews came to ancient Germany in the course of the advance of the Romans, that is, as tradesmen as usual In the storms of the peoples' migration, however, an end seems to have been put also to this, and therefore the time of the first Germanic State formation may be considered the beginning of a new and now permanent Judaization of Central and North Europe. Now a development sets in which was always the same or a similar one, wherever Jews met Aryan peoples. (a) With the appearance of the first fixed settlements the Jew is suddenly 'there/ He comes as a tradesman, and at the beginning he puts little stress on the disguise of his nationality. He is still a Jew, partly perhaps also for the reason that the external racial difference between him and the host nation is too great and his linguistic knowledge too small, and that the seclusion of the host nation is too strong for him to venture to appear as something different from a 'foreign tradesman.' With his versatility and the host nation's inexperience it is no disadvantage, but rather an advantage, for him to keep up his character as 'Jew'; one meets the stranger courteously. (b) Now he gradually begins to become 'active' in economic life, not as a producer, but exclusively as an intermediary link. In his versatility of a thousand years' trading he is infinitely superior to the clumsy and boundlessly honest Aryans, so that after a short time trade threatens to become his monopoly. Further, he begins money-lending and that always at usurious interest. He actually introduces interest by this. The danger of this new institution is not recognized at first, but for the sake of the momentary advantages it is even welcomed. (c) The Jew has settled down completely; that means, he occupies special quarters in the towns and villages and more and more he forms a special State within the State. He considers trade as well as all money transactions as his very own privilege, which he exploits ruthlessly. (d) Money transactions and trade have now completely become his monopoly. His usurious rates of interest finally stir up resistance, his otherwise increasing impertinence causes indignation, his riches envy. The cup is filled to overflowing when he draws also the land and the soil into the circle of his mercenary objects and degrades it to the level of goods to be sold or rather to be traded. As he himself never tills the soil, but only looks upon it as a property to be exploited, on which the peasant may well remain but only under the most wretched extortions on the part of his present master, the aversion against him finally grows into open hatred. His blood-sucking tyranny becomes so great that riots against him occur. Now one begins to look more and more closely at the stranger and one discovers more and more new repellent features and characteristics in him, till the chasm becomes an unsurmountable one. In times of most bitter distress the wrath against him finally breaks out, and the exploited and ruined masses take up self-defense in order to ward off the scourge of God. They have got to know him in the course of several centuries and they experience his mere existence as the same distress as the plague. (e) Now, however, the Jew begins to unveil his true qualities. With disgusting flattery he approaches the governments, he puts his money to work, and in this manner he secures again and again the privilege of a renewed exploitation of his victims. Although sometimes the people's fury against the eternal blood-sucker flares up like fire, this does not prevent him in the least from appearing again, after a few years, at the place he had barely left and to begin his former life all over. No persecution can deter him from exploiting mankind, can expel him; after each one he is here again after a short time, and just the same as he was before. In order at least to prevent the worst, one begins to take the soil out of his usurious hands by making the acquisition of soil legally impossible for him. (f) In the measure in which the power of the monarchs begins to rise, he pushes nearer and nearer to them. He begs for 'privileges' and 'charters/ which he willingly receives, against corresponding payment, from these gentlemen who are always in need of money. No matter what this costs him, he gets back with interest and compound interest in the course of a few years the money he has spent. A real blood-sucker which attaches itself to the body of the unfortunate people and which cannot be removed until the monarchs themselves again need money and in person tap the blood that he has sucked in. This game is repeated again, whereby the re of the so-called German monarchs is just as wretched as that of the Jews themselves. They were really God's chastisement for their 'dear' people, these gentlemen, and they find their parallel only in the various ministers of the present time. It was thanks to the German monarchs that the German nation was unable to free itself for good from the Jewish danger. Unfortunately, this fact did not change later on, so that by the Jew they were only allotted the thousandfold reward they deserved for the sins they once committed against their peoples. They had sold themselves to the Devil and had landed in his domain. (g) Thus his ensnaring the monarchs led to their ruin. Their attitude towards the peoples loosens slowly but surely in the measure in which they cease to serve the interests of the latter and, instead, become the usufructuaries of their 'subjects.' The Jew knows their end accurately, and he tries to speed it up if possible. He himself advances their eternal financial troubles by diverting them more and more from their true tasks; by toadying to them with the worst flattery, he induces them to vice and thus makes himself more and more indispensable. His versatility, rather his unscrupulousness, in all money matters knows how to extract, even to extort, more and more money from the exploited subjects who tread the path to nothing in shorter and shorter periods of time. Every Court thus has its 'Court Jew.' (This is the name of the monsters who torture the beloved people to the point of despair and who prepare the eternal pleasure of the monarchs.) Who will wonder, then, that these 'ornaments' of the human race are finally also outwardly decorated and rise to the ranks of the hereditary 'nobility' and thus help not only in making this institution ridiculous, but even in poisoning it. Now he is all the more able to use his position for the sake of his advancement. Finally, he only needs to submit himself to baptism in order to come into the possession of all possibilities and rights of the natives of the country. He puts through this 'business' not infrequently to the joy of the churches over the 'son' they have won and to Israel's joy at the successful swindle. Now a change begins to take place within Jewry. So far they were Jews; that means they did not want to appear as something else, and also they could not do so with such extremely pronounced race characteristics on both sides. Still at the time of Frederick the Great nobody would think of seeing in the Jew something other than a foreign people, and Goethe is still horrified at the idea that in future matrimony between Christians and Jews would no longer be forbidden by law. Now Goethe was, God knows, certainly no reactionary, far less a helot; what spoke out of him was nothing but the voice of blood and of reason. Thus, despite all disgraceful actions of the Courts, the people instinctively sees in the Jew the alien element in its own body and it takes a corresponding attitude towards him. This was to become different now. In the course of a thousand years he has learned to master the language of his host people to such an extent as to believe that he can in the future risk to accent his Judaism a little less and to put his 'Germanity' more into the foreground ; for no matter how ridiculous, nay, absurd, it may seem at first, yet he permits himself the impudence of changing himself into a 'Germanic'; in this case therefore a 'German.' Thereby begins one of the most infamous lies conceivable. Since of Germanity he possesses really nothing but the ability to speak its language badly in the most terrible manner, since for the rest, however, he never blended with it, therefore his whole Germanitv rests only on the language. The race, however, is not based upon the language, but upon the blood exclusively, something that nobody knows better than the Jew, who puts only very little value upon the preservation of his language, but everything on the preservation of the purity of his blood. One can change the language of a man without ado, that means he can use another language; but then he will express his old thoughts in his new language, his inner nature will not be changed. This is shown best of all by the Jew who is able to speak in a thousand languages and yet remains always the one Jew. His character qualities have remained the same, whether two thousand years ago he spoke Roman as a grain merchant in Ostia or whether as a flour profiteer of today he haggles German like a Jew. He is always the same Jew. That this matter of course is naturally not understood by a normal councillor of the ministry or a higher police official of today is also a matter of course, as hardly any person endowed with less instinct or intellect walks about than these 'servants' of our exemplary 'State authority' of the 'present time.' The reason why the Jew decides now suddenly to become a 'German' is obvious. He feels that the power of the monarchy begins slowly to tumble, and therefore he seeks to get a platform under his feet in time. Further, his financial rule of the entire business life has already progressed so far that, without the possession of all the 'civil' rights, he is no longer able to support the whole enormous building, in any case no further increase of his influence can take place. But he wishes both; for the higher he climbs, the more alluringly rises out of the veil of the past his old goal, once promised to him, and with feverish greed he watches in his brightest heads the dream of world domination step into tangible proximity. Therefore, his sole endeavor is aimed at putting himself into complete possession of the 'civil' rights. This is the reason for the emancipation from the ghetto. Thus the Court Jew develops slowly into the folk Jew; that means, of course, the Jew remains now as before in the surroundings of the high gentlemen, he even tries to push still more into this circle ; but at the same time another part of his race chums up to the 'dear people.' If one considers how much he has sinned against the masses in the course of the centuries, how again and again he squeezed and extorted without mercy, if one considers further how the people gradually learned to hate him for this and finally saw in his existence really nothing but a punishment of Heaven, then one can understand how hard this change must be for the Jew. Yes, it is tiresome work to present oneself suddenly again as 'friend of mankind' to the skinned victims. At first, therefore, he begins to make good, in the eyes of the people, what so far he had sinned against it. He begins his change as 'benefactor' of mankind. As his new benevolence has a genuine foundation, he cannot very well keep to the old words of the Bible that the left hand must not know what the right hand gives, but whether he wants it or not, he has to be content with letting as many people as possible know how much he feels the sufferings of the masses and what sacrifices he offers personally for this. In the form of this inborn 'modesty' he calls out his merits to the rest of the world until the world begins really to believe in them. Those who do not believe this do him a great injustice. After a short time he begins even to twist these things in such a way as to make it appear as though so far one had only wronged him, and not vice versa. Those who are especially stupid believe this and they cannot but have sympathy with the poor 'unfortunate' one. For the rest one ought to remark here that the Jew, despite all willingness to sacrifice, naturally never becomes poor. He knows very well how to manage; indeed, his charity is sometimes actually comparable to the manure which is spread on the field, not out of love for the latter, but out of precaution for one's own benefit later on. But in any case, everybody knows after a comparatively short time that the Jew has now become a ' Benefactor and friend of mankind.' What a strange change ! But for this reason alone, what to others is more or less natural now creates astonishment, and among many even visible admiration. Thus it happens that for this reason one gives him much more credit than to the rest of mankind, for in their case it is considered a matter of course. But even more: the Jew becomes suddenly also 'liberal' and he begins to rave of the necessary 'progress' of mankind. Thus he gradually makes himself the spokesman of a new time. Of course, he destroys then also more and more thoroughly the foundations of a truly useful national economy. By the roundabout way of the 'share' capital he pushes his way into the circulation of national production, he makes the latter an object of usury by way of buying or rather of trading, and thus he robs the organizations of the basis of a personal ownership. Only thus there arises that inner estrangement between employer and employee which leads to the following political class cleavage. But finally, where economic interests are concerned, the Jewish influence through the stock exchange grows with terrifying speed. He becomes the owner, or at least the controller, of the national labor force. For the strengthening of his political position he tries to pull down the racial and civil barriers which at first still restrain him at every step. For this purpose he fights with all his innate thoroughness for religious tolerance and in the completely deteriorated Freemasonry he has an excellent instrument for fighting out and also for 'putting over' his aims. By the strings of Freemasonry the circles of the government and the higher layers of the political and economic bourgeoisie fall into his nets without their even guessing this. Only the people as such, or rather that class which is now about to wake up, which fights for its own rights and its freedom, cannot yet be sufficiently seized by this in its deeper and broader layers. But this is more necessary than everything else; for the Jew actually feels that the possibility for his rising to a dominating re is only given if there is a 'pacemaker* before him; but the latter he believes he can recognize in the bourgeoisie, and this in its broadest layers. But one cannot catch glovemakers and linen weavers in the fine net of Freemasonry; for this one has to apply more coarse but not less thorough means. Thus to Freemasonry the second weapon in the service of Jewry is added ; the press. He puts himself into possession of it with all toughness, but also with infinite versatility. With it he begins slowly to grasp and to ensnare, to lead and to push the entire public life, because now he is in a position to produce and to conduct that power which under the name of 'public opinion' is better known today than it was a few decades ago. But thereby he always presents himself as infinitely thirsty for knowledge, he praises all progress, but most of all, of course, that progress which leads others to destruction; for in all knowledge and every development he sees forever only the possibility of the advancement of his own nationality, and, where this possibility does not exist, he is the inexorable and mortal enemy of all light, the despiser of all true culture. Thus he applies all knowledge which he takes in in the schools of the others, only to the service of his race. This nationality, however, he guards as never before. While he seems to overflow with 'enlightenment,' 'progress', 'freedom,' 'humanity,' etc., he exercises the strictest seclusion of his race. Although he sometimes hangs his women onto the coattails of influential Christians, yet he always keeps his male line pure in principle. He poisons the blood of the others, but he guards his own. The Jew does not marry a Christian woman, but always the Christian a Jewess. Yet the bastards take to the Jewish side. Especially a part of the higher nobility degrades itself completely. He knows this only too well, and for this reason he systematically carries out this kind of 'disarmament' of the spiritually leading class of his racial adversaries. Yet, in order to disguise his activity and to put his victims to sleep, he speaks now more and more of the equality of all men, without consideration of race and of color. And those who are stupid begin to believe him. But as his entire being still smells too strongly of the stranger for the great mass of the people especially to fall without ado into his nets, he makes his press give a picture of himself which corresponds to reality as little as it serves, nevertheless, the purpose he intended. Especially in cartoons one endeavors to present the Jew as a harmless little folk which cannot help having its characteristics (as others also), but which even by its manners, appearing perhaps a little strange, gives forth symptoms of his possibly comic, yet always fundamentally honest and benevolent soul. On the whole one strives at making him always appear more unimportant than dangerous. His final goal in this State, however, is the victory of 'democracy/ or as he understands it: because it eliminates the personality and in its place it puts the majority of stupidity, incapacity, and last, but not least, cowardice. The final result of this development will be the overthrow of the monarch which is bound to arrive sooner or later. The enormous economic development leads to a change in the social classification of the people. While the small craftsmen die out gradually and thus the worker's possibility of winning an independent existence becomes more and more rare, the worker becomes more visibly proletarian. The industrial 'factory worker  comes into being whose essential characteristic is to be seen in the fact that he hardly ever reaches the position of founding an existence of his own in his later life. He is * without property' in the truest meaning of the word, so that his old age means a torture rather than life. Even previously a similar position had been created which also categorically urged towards a solution which then also took place. To the peasant and draftsman, the official and employee, especially of the State, were slowly added as an additional class. They were 'without property' in the truest meaning of the word. The State at last helped itself out of this unsound state in a way by taking into its hands the provision for the State employees who could not provide for themselves in their old age and introduced the pension. Slowly more and more private enterprises followed this example, so that today almost every intellectual, permanently employed, draws a pension later, provided the corporation has already reached or surpassed a certain size. Only the security of the State official in his old age was able to educate him to that unselfish loyalty to duty which in pre-War times was the most noble quality of German officialdom. Thus an entire class, which remained without property, was in a clever manner pulled out of social misery and thus joined in the entity of the people. Now this question again approached the State and the nation, and this time in a much greater extent. More and more millions of people moved from peasant villages to the big cities in order to earn their daily bread as 'factory workers' in the newly founded industries. Working and living conditions of the new class were more than pitiful. Even the former working methods of the one-time craftsmen or peasants, carried over mechanically to the new forms, were unsuitable in every respect. The activity of the one and the other was no longer comparable with the efforts which the industrial factory worker has to afford. With the old craftsmanship, time might perhaps play far less a re than was all the more the case with the new working methods. The formal taking-over of the old working hours to the great industrial enterprises had indeed a disastrous effect; for the actual work done before was only very little, in consequence of the absence of our present intensive working methods. Therefore, if at that time one was still able to bear a working day of fourteen or fifteen hours, one could no longer do so at a time when every minute is used and applied to the fullest extent. The result of this senseless transfer of old working hours to the new industrial activity was really an unfortunate one in two respects: it ruined health and destroyed confidence in a higher law. To this was added, finally, the miserable wages as well as, on the other hand, the visibly so much better position of the employer. In the country there was no social question, as the master and the servant did the same work, and, above all, they ate out of the same dish. But all this had now become different at one blow. The separation of the employee from the employer now seems to be carried out in all domains of life. How far in this the inner Judaization of our people has progressed can be seen from the low respect, not to say disdain, which is awarded the craftsman's work in itself. For this is not German. Only the tainting of our life with foreign elements, which was in truth a 'Judaization,' turned the one-time respect for craftsmanship into a certain disdain of all physical work as a whole. Thus a new class, which was very little respected, was actually created, and some day the question was bound to arise whether the nation would by itself have the energy to make this new class again a member of general society, or whether the social difference would widen into a class-like cleavage. But one thing was certain: the new class contained not the worst elements in its ranks, but the most energetic ones. Here the over-refinements of the so-called 'culture' had not yet exercised their deteriorating and destroying influences. In its broad masses, the new class was not yet infected by the poison of pacifist weakness; it was robust, and, if necessary, even brutal. While the bourgeoisie does not care at all about this enormously important question, but indifferently lets things take their course, the Jew seizes the unlimited opportunity for the future which is offered here, and while on the one side he organizes the capitalist methods of exploiting human beings to the ultimate consequence, he approaches the very victims of his spirit and his activity, and after a short time he becomes even the leader of their fight against himself. 'Against himself is, of course, only metaphorically expressed, for the great master of lies knows how to make himself appear always as the 'pure  one and to charge the guilt to the others. As he has the impudence to lead the masses in such a manner, the latter does not even think at all that this could mean the most villainous betrayal of all times. And yet it was so. As soon as, out of the general economic transformation, the new class develops, the Jew sees also before him, dearly and distinctly, the new pacemaker of his own further advancement. First he uses the bourgeoisie as the battle ram against the feudal world, then the worker against the bourgeois world. Just as at one time he knew how to gain by sneaking the civil rights for himself in the shadow of the bourgeoisie, thus he hopes now that in the worker's fight for his existence, he will find the way towards a leadership of his own. From now on the worker only has the task of working for the future of the Jewish people. He is unconsciously put into the service of that power which he believes he is fighting. By making him apparently storm against capital, one can most easily make him fight just for the latter. Thus one always cries out against international capital, whereas in reality one means the national economy. The latter is to be demolished so that on its field of carnage the triumph of the international stock exchange may be celebrated. The Jew's procedure in this is, in short, the following:  He approaches the worker, pretends to have pity on him, or even to feel indignation at his lot of misery and poverty, in order more easily to gain his confidence in this way. He takes pains to study all the actual (or imagined) hardships of his life and to awaken a longing for changing such an existence. In an infinitely sly manner, he stimulates the need for social justice, dormant in every Aryan, to the point of hatred against those who have been better favored by fortune, and thus he gives the fight for the abolition of social evils a definite stamp of a view of life. He founds the Marxist theory. By presenting it as inseparably connected with quite a number of socially justified demands, he promotes its spread, and, on the other hand, the decent people's aversion to fulfilling demands which, presented in such a form and accompaniment, appear unjust, nay, impossible from the beginning. For under this cloak of social thought, there are hidden some more truly diabolic intentions, or they are reported in all publicity with the most impudent clarity. This doctrine is an inseparable mixture of reason and human frenzy, but always so that only lunacy can become reality, and never reason. By the categorical rejection of personality and, with it, of the nation and its racial contents, it destroys the elementary foundations of the entire human culture which depends on just these factors. This is the true inner nucleus of the Marxist ' view of life,' as far as one may call this monstrous product of a criminal mind a 'view of life.' With the destruction of the personality and the race in this world, there vanishes the essential obstacle for the domination of the inferior: this, however, is the Jew. f The meaning of this doctrine lies just in the economic and the political frenzy. For by this all truly intelligent members of the nation are kept from putting themselves into its service, while those who are mentally less active and economically badly trained, join its ranks with flying colors. The intelligentsia, however, which of course also needs this movement for its existence, is 'sacrificed* by the Jew from his own ranks. Thus there arises a movement of mere handicraft workers under exclusively Jewish leadership, apparently aiming at improving the situation of the worker, but in truth intending the enslavement, and with it the destruction, of all non-Jewish peoples. The general pacifistic paralyzation of the national instinct of self-preservation, introduced into the circles of the so-called 'intelligentsia' by Freemasonry, is transmitted to the great masses, but above all to the bourgeoisie, by the activity of the great press, which today is always Jewish. To these two weapons of deterioration now comes as the third, and by far the most terrible, the organization of brutal force. Marxism, as the column of at should finish what the work of attrition of the first two made ripe in preparation of the collapse. Therewith a truly masterful playing together begins so that one really must not be surprised if in the face of it is just those institutions fail completely which always like so much to present themselves as the bearers of the more of less legendary State authority. At all times the Jew a few exceptions) has found the most willing promotors of his work of destruction in our high and highest officialdom of the State. Cringing submissiveness towards ' above ' and arrogant superciliousness towards 'below' mark this class as much as a narrow-mindedness that often cries to Heaven, which in turn is surpassed only by a sometimes truly astonishing presumption. These, however, are the qualities which the Jew wants of our authorities and which he correspondingly loves. The practical fight, sketched in broad outlines, which now sets in takes the following course:  Corresponding to the final aims of the Jewish fight which limit themselves not only to the economic conquest of the world, but which also demand the political subjection of the latter, the Jew also divides the organization of his Marxist world doctrine into two parts, which, apparently separated from each other, nevertheless in truth form one inseparable whole, the political and the trade-union movement. The union movement is that which is solicitous. To the worker in his difficult struggle for existence which he has to fight thanks to the greed or the short-sightedness of many employers, it offers help and protection, and with it the possibility of fighting for better living conditions. If the worker does not want to give up the representation of his human living rights to the mercy of people who are little conscious of responsibility and who are often also heartless, in times when the organized national community, that is, the State, cares next to nothing about him, then he has to take the defense of these rights into his own hands. In the same measure in which the so-called national bourgeoisie, blinded by financial interests, puts the severest obstacles into the way of this struggle for life, and not only resists all attempts at shortening the inhumanly long working hours, at abolishing child labor, safeguarding and protecting the woman, raising of the sanitary conditions in workshops and homes, but frequently actually sabotages them, the cleverer Jew takes charge of the thus oppressed people. He gradually becomes the leader of the unionist movement and this the more easily as he is not concerned, in honest conviction, about an actual abolition of social evils, but rather about the formation of an economic fighting troop, blindly devoted to him, for the destruction of the national economic independence. For, while the leaders of a sound social policy will permanently move between the directions of the preservation of national health on the one hand and the safeguarding of an independent national economy on the other, for the Jew these two viewpoints are not only dismissed from his fight, but their abolition is, among others, the goal of his life. He does not wish the preservation of an independent national economy, but its destruction. Consequently, no pangs of conscience can prevent him, the leader of the unionist movement, from making demands which not only exceed the goal, but the fulfillment of which is either practically impossible or means the ruin of a national economy. But, further, he does not want to see before him a healthy, sturdy generation, but a decayed herd, able to be subjected. This wish, however, again permits him to make demands of the most senseless kind, though to his own knowledge their practical fulfillment is impossible, and which therefore could not at all lead to a change of conditions, but at the utmost to a devastating stirring-up of the masses. This, then, is his concern, and not the genuine and honest improvement of its social condition. For this reason, however, Jewry's leadership of unionist affairs is uncontested until an enormous work of enlightenment supports the great masses and sets them right about their never ending misery, or until the State deals with the Jew and his work. For so long as the insight of the masses remains as limited as it is now, and the State remains as indifferent as it is now, the masses will always follow mostly him who first offers the most impudent promises in regard to economic affairs. But in this the Jew is master. For his entire activity is unrestricted by moral objections ! After a short time he thus necessarily expels all competitors from this field. According to his entire inner rapacious brutality, he first of all adapts the unionist movement to the most brutal application of force. The resistance and realization of those whose insight resists the Jewish allure is broken by terror. The successes of such activity are enormous. With the help of the union, which could be a blessing to the nation, the Jew actually wrecks the foundations of the national economy. Parallel with this the political organization advances. It plays hand in glove with the unionist movement in so far as the latter prepares the masses for the political organization, and even drives them into it by the whip of force and compulsion. It is further the permanent financial source from which the political organization feeds its enormous apparatus. It is the controlling organ for the political activity of the individual, and in all great demonstrations of a political nature, it does the touting service. At last, however, it no longer represents economic concerns at all, but, in the form of the mass and general strike, it puts its main fighting means, the laying-down of work, at the disposal of the political idea. By the creation of a press, the contents of which is adapted to the mental horizon of people with the lowest education, the political and unionist movement finally is given an institution which, by its stirring effects, makes the lowest classes of the nation ripe for the most reckless acts. Its task is not to lead the people from the swamp of base mentality to a higher level, but rather to meet their lowest instincts. A business that is as speculative as it is remunerative with the masses, which are as inert as they are sometimes also presumptuous. But it is the press above all which now, in a truly fanatic fight of calumny, derides everything which could be looked upon as the support of national independence, cultural height, and economic self-dependence of the nation. It continuously drums upon all those characters which do not want to bow to the Jewish assumption of rule, or whose ingenious ability in itself appears a danger to the Jew. For in order to be hated by the Jew, it is not necessary to fight him, but it is enough that he suspects the other may either be able to arrive some time at such thoughts or, based on his superior genius, to strengthen the force and the height of a nationality, hostile to the Jew. His unfailing instinct for such things senses in each individual the original soul, and his hostility is assured to him who is not the spirit of his spirit. As the Jew is not the one who is attacked, but the attacker, consequently his enemy is not only he who attacks, but also he who resists him. The means, however, by which he tries to break such daring but upright souls is not called honest fight, but lie and calumny. Here he is not frightened by anything at all, and his baseness becomes so gigantic that nobody need wonder that in our people the personification of the Devil, as the symbol of all evil, assumes the living appearance of the Jew. The ignorance of the great masses about the inner nature of the Jew, the lack of instinct and narrow-mindedness of our upper classes, make the people easily fall victim to this Jewish campaign of lies. While the upper classes, out of their inborn cowardice, turn from a man who is attacked by the Jew in such manner with lie and calumny, the great masses, out of stupidity or simplicity, usually believe everything. But the State authorities either wrap themselves in silence, or, as is mostly the case, they persecute him who is unjustly attacked, in order to make an end to the nuisance of the Jewish press, something which then, in the eyes of such an official idiot, appears as the preservation of State authority and as safeguarding peace and order, t Slowly the fear of the Marxist weapon of Jewry sinks into the brains and souls of decent people like a nightmare. One begins to tremble before the terrible enemy, and thus one has become his final victim. The Jew's rule in the State now appears secured to such an extent that he may not only again call himself Jew, but ruthlessly admits his final thoughts as regards nationality and politics. A part of his race even admits quite openly that it is a foreign people, however, not without again lying in this respect. For while Zionism tries to make the other part of the world believe that the national self-consciousness of the Jew finds satisfaction in the creation of a Palestinian State, the Jews again most slyly dupe the stupid goyim. [Jewish colloquial expression : Gentile men or women.] They have no thought of building up a Jewish State in Palestine, so that they might perhaps inhabit it, but they only want a central organization of their international world cheating, endowed with prerogatives, withdrawn from the seizure of others: a refuge for convicted rascals and a high school for future rogues. But it is the sign, not only of their rising confidence, but also their feeling of safety, that now, at a time when one part of them still mendaciously plays the German, the Frenchman, or the Englishman, the other part impudently and openly documents itself as the Jewish race. How far they keep the approaching victory before their eyes is seen from the terrible manner which their intercourse with the members of other peoples assumes. For hours the black-haired Jew boy, diabolic joy in his face, waits in ambush for the unsuspecting girl whom he defiles with his blood and thus robs her from her people. With the aid of all means he tries to ruin the racial foundations of the people to be enslaved. Exactly as he himself systematically demoralizes women and girls, he is not scared from pulling down the barriers of blood and race for others on a large scale. It was and is the Jews who bring the negro to the Rhine, always with the same concealed thought and the clear goal of destroying, by the bastardization which would necessarily set in, the white race which they hate, to throw it down from its cultural and political height and in turn to rise personally to the position of master. For a racially pure people, conscious of its blood, can never be enslaved by the Jew. It will forever only be the master of bastards in this world. Thus he systematically tries to lower the racial level by a permanent poisoning of the individual. In the political sphere, however, he begins to replace the idea of democracy by that of the dictatorship of the proletariat. In the organized mass of Marxism he has found the weapon which makes him now dispense with democracy and which allows him, instead, to enslave and to 'rule' the people dictatorially with the brutal fist. He now works methodically towards the revolution in a twofold direction: economically and politically. Thanks to his international influence, he ensnares with a net of enemies those peoples which put up a too violent resistance against the enemy from within, he drives them into war, and finally, if necessary, he plants the flag of revolution on the battlefield. In the field of economics he undermines the States until the social organizations which have become unprofitable are taken from the State and submitted to his financial control. Politically he denies to the State all means of selfpreservation, he destroys the bases of any national selfdependence and defense, he destroys the confidence in the leaders, he derides history and the past, and he pulls down into the gutter everything which is truly great. In the domain of culture he infects art, literature, theater, smites natural feeling, overthrows all conceptions of beauty and sublimity, of nobility and quality, and in turn he pulls the people down into the confines of his own swinish nature. Religion is ridiculed, customs and morality are presented as outlived, until the last supports of a nationality in the fight for human existence in this world have fallen. (e) [sic] Now begins the great, final revolution. The Jew, by gaining the political power, casts off the few cloaks which he still wears. The democratic national Jew becomes the blood Jew and the people's tyrant. In the course of a few years he tries to eradicate the national supporters of intelligence, and, while he thus deprives the people of their natural spiritual leaders, he makes them ripe for the slave's destiny of permanent subjugation. The most terrible example of this kind is offered by Russia where he killed or starved about thirty million people with a truly diabolic ferocity, under inhuman tortures, in order to secure to a crowd of Jewish scribblers and stock exchange robbers the rulership over a great people. But the end is not only the end of the freedom of the peoples oppressed by the Jew, but also the end of these peoples' parasites themselves. With the death of the victim this peoples' vampire will also die sooner or later. If we let all the causes of the German collapse pass before our eyes, there remains as the ultimate and decisive cause the non-recognition of the race problem and especially of the Jewish danger. The defeats in the battlefield of August, , would have been easily bearable. They were out of proportion to the victories of our people. Not the defeats have overthrown us, but we were overthrown by that power which prepared these defeats by robbing our people systematically, for many decades, of its political and moral instincts and forces which alone enable and entitle peoples to exist in this world. The old Reich, by inattentively passing by the question of the preservation of the racial foundations of our nationality, disregarded also the sole right which alone gives life in this world. Peoples which bastardize themselves, or permit themselves to be bastardized, sin against the will of eternal Providence, and their ruin by the hand of a stronger nation is consequently not an injustice that is done to them, but only the restoration of right. If a people no longer wants to respect the qualities which Nature has given it and which root in its blood, then it has no longer the right to complain about the loss of its worldly existence. Everything in this world can be improved. Any defeat can become the father of a later victory. Any lost war can become the cause of a later rise, every distress the fertilization of human energy, and from every suppression can come the forces of a new spiritual rebirth, as long as the blood remains preserved in purity. Alone the loss of the purity of the blood destroys the inner happiness forever; it eternally lowers man, and never again can its consequences be removed from body and mind. Only upon examining and comparing, in the face of this sole question, all the other problems of life, one will be able to judge how ridiculously small the latter are as compared with the former. How all of them are only temporal, while the question of the preservation of the blood is one of human eternity. All really important symptoms of decay of the pre-War time ultimately go back to racial causes. No matter whether questions of general law or excrescences of economic life, whether cultural symptoms of decline or political processes of degeneration, whether questions of faulty education at school or evil influence on the grown-ups by the press, etc., are involved, always and everywhere it is fundamentally the non-recognition of racial considerations of one's own people or the non-recognition of a foreign, a racial, danger. Therefore, all attempts at reforms, all works of social aid and political efforts, all economic rise, and every apparent increase of spiritual knowledge were nevertheless unimportant in their consecutive symptoms. The nation and that organism which enables and preserves its life on this earth, that is, the State, did not become internally healthier, but they visibly languished more and more. All the sham prosperity of the old Reich could not conceal the inner weakness, and any attempt at an actual strengthening of the Reich failed again and again on account of passing by the most important question. It would be wrong to believe that the adherents of the various political doctrines which doctored about the German national body, nay, that even the leaders, to a certain extent, were bad or malevolent men. Their activity was condemned to unproductiveness for the sole reason that, in the most favorable case at best, they saw and tried to fight the symptomatic forms of our general sickness, but passed blindly by the germ. He who systematically follows the political development of the old Reich is bound to arrive, upon quiet examination, at the realization that even at the time of unity, and thus of rise of the German nation, the inner decay was already on its way, and that, despite all apparent political successes and rising economic wealth, the general situation became worse from year to year. Even the elections for the Reichstag, with their outward swelling of the Marxist votes, announced the more and more rapidly approaching internal, and, with it, external, collapse. All the successes of the so-called bourgeois parties were of no value, not only because they were unable to check the increasing numbers of the Marxist flood even with so-called bourgeois electoral victories, but because above all even they themselves harbored the ferment of deterioration. The bourgeois world itself, without its knowing it, was infected with the cadaveric poison of Marxist ideas, and its resistance originated frequently rather from the competitive envy of ambitious leaders than from a rejection in principle of the adversaries, determined to fight to the extreme. There was only one who, during these long years, fought with imperturbable regularity, and this was the Jew. His star of David then rose higher and higher in the same measure in which our people's will for self-preservation vanished. Therefore, in August, , it was not a people, determined to attack, which rushed to the battlefield, but what took place was only the last flaring-up of the national instinct of self-preservation in face of the progressing pacifist Marxist paralyzation of our national body. As even in those fateful days one did not recognize the internal enemy, all outward resistance was in vain, and Providence gave the reward, not to the victorious sword, but it followed the law of eternal revenge. Out of this inner realization there were to be formed for us the leading principles, as well as the tendency of the new movement which alone, in our conviction, was enabled to bring the decline of the German people not only to a standstill, but also to create the granite foundation upon which one day there can exist a State which represents not a mechanism of economic considerations and interests, alien to the people, but a folkish organism :  A Germanic State of the German Nation
